{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This package and all files included therein is released for free use by any individual exclusively for the  enhancement of X-Plane scenery packages. You may use this package but you may not financially profit by its use, nor exercise sole control over it. If you can improve it, please do so and share it with others, including myself.\
\
The creator of this set of textures (Xit206 on the .org) cannot be held liable in any way, shape or form for whatever negative impact this zip file or the contents therein may create in any situation/scenario.\
\
If you have any suggestions or questions that this file you are reading may not answer, feel free to let me know via PM on the .org.\
\
+++++++++++\
\
DESCRIPTION:\
\
Hello\'85 I threw this basic package together because I could not believe that there was no simple means to add basic, flat, 2D water features (particularly smaller ones) such as stock ponds, small ponds/lakes, etc. via WED using the polygon feature. However, as I could not find a reasonably simple way to do it, I decided to throw this together and add it to the .org. Keep in mind that this is nothing more than a texture overlay that will look best applied to flat ground and cannot be used to successfully execute water based operations. In short, it\'92s pretty basic and low-tech.\
\
It was really just something I threw together in a couple hours and wanted to share with others, hopefully it will help you like it has myself and my simple little projects.\
\
\
+++++++++++\
\
INSTRUCTIONS:\
\
\
To install:\
\
Since you are reading this, you have already extracted the folder. Next, just drag the folder and its contents into the applicable custom scenery subfolder of the specific scenery package you are editing/enhancing. Do not place it solely within the Custom Scenery folder, it may not appear in your WED as an applicable polygon texture option. You must place the folder and all of its contents in the specific subfolder dedicated to the scenery you are editing/enhancing.\
\
To use:\
\
Simply open your scenery project in WED. I like to simply type in the .pol file name I am interested in on the upper left, select it and then begin drawing my polygon, making bezier curves, etc. as I would for any other polygon. However, the process is simple, once the water2d folder is placed in the appropriate subfolder, just select the polygon using your favorite method and get to drawing the flat water landmarks or features you desire, that\'92s it. Save changes and export the scenery pack in WED, and you should see the new water feature in your unique scenery package in X-Plane.\
\
+++++++++++\
\
Special thanks\'85\
\
RikNilsson for all of his valuable Oregon destinations, especially in the little out of the way places. Rik, you have made flying X-Plane a real blast in our home state.\
\
-bc-, your bush offerings have given me hours of enjoyment and challenge. Plus, your XP wisdom has been very appreciated.\
\
AndyGoldstein & brett s\'85 Your contributions add instant credibility to suggestions in posts too many to count.\
\
For all of those other X-Plane users and developers on the .org, thanks for everything folks!\
\
\
}